README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line first-line-heading -->
<a href="https://open.inf.is">
  <img
    src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/live/assets/img/svg/logogram-color.svg?sanitize=true"
    alt="OpenINF logo"
    title="OpenINF"
    align="right"
    height="96"
    width="96"
  />
</a>

<div align="left">

## `open.inf.is`

> The OpenINF website and other static resources

</div>

<br />

The high-level goal of open.inf.is is to build and maintain a current website
serving content and assets. Although this site is still in its infancy, it’s
intended to support separation of concerns. We are constantly working to improve
this repository, so please feel free to [contribute](#contributing) if you
notice any omissions or errors.

Thanks!

<br /><br />

---

<br />

Short-term non-goals:

- Use an environment different from `github-pages`

Long-term non-goals:

- Use `github-pages` or their static site generator

<br />

The rationale for this approach is that we would like our website code suspended
on this framework initially. It has a good form and structure, yet, due to the
underlying technologies (`scss` & `html+liquid`) being of limited power,
evolution becomes necessary while retaining the same codebase layout.

<br /><br />

---

<br />

### Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to
discuss what you would like to change. If for whatever reason you spot something
to fix but cannot patch it yourself, please [open an issue][].

<br />

### License

It is essential always to read the license for all code and content in question.
Each source code and content directory typically contains the appropriate
license file(s) for that directory's source code and/or content. The code and
content files themselves also typically contain licensing and authorship
metadata.

Most of the repository's source code is permissively licensed under MIT, Apache
2.0, or Blue Oak 1.0.0. The IDK reference documentation content uses the CC
BY-NC-SA 4.0 license, while the embedded source code snippets and examples use
the public domain equivalent 0BSD license. The collection of documents
comprising our style guide handbook uses the CC BY-SA 4.0 license.

<br /><br />

---

<br />

<div align="center">

[Roadmap][] | [Development][] | [Issue Tracker][] | [Changelog][] | [Credits][]

<br />

[!['Project Type: Prototype'][project-type-badge--shields]](./##)
[!['Prototyping Scheme: Evolutionary'][prototyping-scheme-badge--shields]](./##)
[!['Status: Under construction'][project-status-badge--shields]](./##)

<br /><br />

<a title="The OpenINF website" href="https://open.inf.is" rel="author">
  <img
    alt="The OpenINF logo"
    height="32px"
    width="32px"
    src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/logo.svg"
  />
</a>

</div>

<br /><br />

<!-- LINK LABEL DEFINITIONS - START -->

[Roadmap]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/issues 'Roadmap'
[Development]: ./collections/_docs/README.md 'Development'
[Issue Tracker]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/issues 'Issue Tracker'
[Changelog]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/commits/live 'Changelog'
[Credits]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/graphs/contributors 'Credits'
[project-type-badge--shields]:
  https://img.shields.io/badge/type-prototype-blue.svg
[prototyping-scheme-badge--shields]:
  https://img.shields.io/badge/scheme-evolutionary-blue.svg
[project-status-badge--shields]:
  https://img.shields.io/badge/status-under%20construction-yellow.svg
[open an issue]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/issues

<!-- LINK LABEL DEFINITIONS - END -->

Commit message:

📄🔧：fix goals section of README.md #22
PR URL: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/pull/22
Reviewed-by: OpenINF-bot <openinfbot@open.inf.is>

---------

Signed-off-by: Derek Lewis <dereknongeneric@open.inf.is>

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line first-line-heading -->
<a href="https://open.inf.is">
  <img
    src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/live/assets/img/svg/logogram-color.svg?sanitize=true"
    alt="OpenINF logo"
    title="OpenINF"
    align="right"
    height="96"
    width="96"
  />
</a>

<div align="left">

## `open.inf.is`

> ⚡🐋 The OpenINF portal, other static resources, and more static electricity

</div>

<br />

The high-level goal of this project is to build and maintain a community portal
that serves content and assets. Although this portal is still in its infancy, it
is intended to support a separation of concerns between hosting our community
website, SDK documentation, and more. We are constantly working to improve this
work, so please feel free to contribute if you notice any omissions or errors.

Thanks!

<br /><br />

---

<br />

### Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to
discuss what you would like to change. If for whatever reason you spot something
to fix but cannot patch it yourself, please [open an issue][].

<br />

### License

It is essential always to read the license for all code and content in question.
Each source code and content directory typically contains the appropriate
license file(s) for that directory's source code and/or content. The code and
content files themselves also typically contain licensing and authorship
metadata.

Most of the repository's source code is permissively licensed under MIT, Apache
2.0, or Blue Oak 1.0.0. The IDK reference documentation content uses the CC
BY-NC-SA 4.0 license, while the embedded source code snippets and examples use
the public domain equivalent 0BSD license. The collection of documents
comprising our style guide handbook uses the CC BY-SA 4.0 license.

<br /><br />

---

<br />

<div align="center">

[Roadmap][] | [Development][] | [Issue Tracker][] | [Changelog][] | [Credits][]

<br />

[!['Project Type: Prototype'][project-type-badge--shields]](./##)
[!['Prototyping Scheme: Evolutionary'][prototyping-scheme-badge--shields]](./##)
[!['Status: Under construction'][project-status-badge--shields]](./##)

<br /><br />

<a title="The OpenINF website" href="https://open.inf.is" rel="author">
  <img
    alt="The OpenINF logo"
    height="32px"
    width="32px"
    src="https://open.inf.is/assets/img/svg/logo.svg"
  />
</a>

</div>

<br /><br />

<!-- LINK LABEL DEFINITIONS - START -->

[Roadmap]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/issues 'Roadmap'
[Development]: ./collections/_docs/README.md 'Development'
[Issue Tracker]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/issues 'Issue Tracker'
[Changelog]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/commits/live 'Changelog'
[Credits]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/graphs/contributors 'Credits'
[project-type-badge--shields]:
  https://img.shields.io/badge/type-prototype-blue.svg
[prototyping-scheme-badge--shields]:
  https://img.shields.io/badge/scheme-evolutionary-blue.svg
[project-status-badge--shields]:
  https://img.shields.io/badge/status-under%20construction-yellow.svg
[open an issue]: https://github.com/OpenINF/open.inf.is/issues

<!-- LINK LABEL DEFINITIONS - END -->
